Update fleets in welcome section (#2014)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/welcome/concepts.md

A snapshot of code collected into one or more Docker images.

### Fleet

> A set of releases and a set of devices, encompassing the code and history of the code that applies to a fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A group of devices sharing the same releases, variables, configuration, settings and members.
```

### Service

> An independently deployable component of a fleet, packaged into a Docker image and run as a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component of a release, packaged into a Docker image and run as a container.
```

### Device supervisor

{{ $names.company.upper }}'s agent on the device, responsible for managing fleet updates and reporting device status.

### {{ $names.os.upper }} image

> A versioned build of the host OS, specific to an fleet and device type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A versioned build of the host OS, specific to a fleet and device type.
```
